consul/connect: interpolate connect block (#9586)
hashicorp/nomad: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.1 (Unreleased)

IMPROVEMENTS:

>  * consul/connect: interpolate connect block [[GH-9586](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad/pull/9586)]

Reviewer: I'd make this a bit more specific:
```suggestion
 * consul/connect: interpolate the connect, service meta, and service canary meta blocks with the task environment [[GH-9586](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad/pull/9586)]
```
